#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-test.in
#
argh==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   watchdog
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   yosai
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   automat
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
authlib==0.15.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
automat==20.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
backports.entry-points-selectable==1.1.0
    # via virtualenv
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   yosai
black==21.10b0
    # via -r requirements.txt
boto3==1.18.20
    # via -r requirements.txt
botocore==1.21.65
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cbor2==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   yosai
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   clickclick
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
clickclick==20.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
connexion==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
constantly==15.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
coverage==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
cpe==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   authlib
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
    #   yosai
debtcollector==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
distlib==0.3.3
    # via virtualenv
docker==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements-test.in
filelock==3.3.2
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flask==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask-testing
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
flask-testing==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
ijson==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
importlib-metadata==4.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
incremental==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
iso8601==0.1.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.utils
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   swagger-spec-validator
keystoneauth1==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
memory-profiler==0.58.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oslo.serialization
msgpack-python==0.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   yosai
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oslo.utils
openapi-schema-validator==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
oslo.config==8.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo.i18n==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo.serialization==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo.utils==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
packaging==21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oslo.utils
    #   pytest
    #   tox
passlib==1.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   yosai
pathlib==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   watchdog
pbr==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   os-service-types
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   stevedore
pep517==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
pg8000==1.10.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prettytable==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
prometheus-client==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
prometheus-flask-exporter==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
psutil==5.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   memory-profiler
psycopg2-binary==2.8.4
    # via -r requirements-test.in
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyhamcrest==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
pyopenssl==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oslo.utils
    #   packaging
pypubsub==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   yosai
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via -r requirements-test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   yosai
python-keystoneclient==3.22.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-rapidjson==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   yosai
python-swiftclient==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2019.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
    #   yosai
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   clickclick
    #   connexion
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   oslo.config
    #   swagger-spec-validator
    #   watchdog
    #   yosai
readerwriterlock==1.0.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
regex==2021.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   docker
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
retrying==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
rfc3986==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oslo.config
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
semantic-version==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
six==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   automat
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   debtcollector
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   pg8000
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   retrying
    #   service-identity
    #   swagger-spec-validator
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
sqlalchemy==1.4.23
    # via -r requirements.txt
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-keystoneclient
swagger-spec-validator==2.4.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomli==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   pep517
tox==3.24.4
    # via -r requirements-test.in
treelib==1.5.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
twisted[tls]==20.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   readerwriterlock
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.10.0
    # via tox
watchdog==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via docker
werkzeug==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   debtcollector
yosai==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
zope.component==4.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
zope.deferredimport==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zope.component
zope.deprecation==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zope.component
zope.event==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zope.component
zope.hookable==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zope.component
zope.interface==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
    #   zope.component
    #   zope.proxy
zope.proxy==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zope.deferredimport

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
